Document how to reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts (#213)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/writing-guide/reuse-directories/index.md

---

> description: Reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts.
```

keywords:
  - content reuse
  - shared content
  - Hugo
menuTitle: Reuse directories of content
title: Reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts
---

# Reuse directories of content with Hugo mounts

> **Note:** The following task can only be performed by a Grafana Labs employee.

> Hugo mounts mount a source directory at a destination directory before the Hugo build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Hugo performs a build, _Hugo mounts_ mount a source directory at a destination directory.
```
Italicizing this because it is otherwise odd to read.

> Use Hugo mounts to reuse a whole directory of content in another part of the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Hugo mounts to reuse a whole directory of content in another part of the published technical documentation.
```

## Before you begin

> - Identify a directory of content that should be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify a directory of content that you want to reuse.
```

- Identify any pages to exclude.
  Typically this is used to exclude pages that do not make sense in the context of the target directory.

>   > **Note:** Excluding files breaks any relative links to that page unless there is an equivalent in the target directory.

Author: ```suggestion
  > **Warning:** Pages in the directory might have relative links to other pages that would be broken by their exclusion.
  > If the excluded page is replaced by another in the target directory, relative links will continue to work.
  > Otherwise, the broken relative links should be made absolute.
  > That way, they will always refer to the page in the source directory.
```

## Steps

To reuse a shared directory:

1. Determine the source and target directories.

   The source directory is the path to a directory in the `website` repository.
   It always has the path prefix `content/docs/`.
   The source directory for all Grafana Cloud content at the URL https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/ is `content/docs/grafana-cloud`.

>    Similarly, the target directory always has the path prefix `content/docs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Similarly, the target directory has the path prefix `content/docs`.
```

   For the destination URL https://grafana.com/docs/target-directory/, the path is `content/docs/target-directory`.

1. Update the website repository Hugo configuration.

>    The configuration is in the `config/_default/config.yaml` file in the `website` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The configuration is in the in the `website` repository in the `config/_default/config.yaml` file.
```
Large to small navigation when orienting someone about where to find something quickly. This comes from decades’ worth of orchestral experience. :)

   Append the mount to the `docs.manual_mount` key in the YAML configuration.

>    For example, to mount the source `content/docs/source-directory` at `content/docs/target-directory`, ignoring the root `_index.md` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, to mount the source `content/docs/source-directory` at `content/docs/target-directory`, exclude the root `_index.md` file:
```
